What happens if you add ninety-second gasoline to a tank that had half of ninety-five gasoline in it, it will be ninety-third or ninety-two and a half deno three on the right oh ninety-four Yes, the mixture just gets in the way Yes, that’s right, ninety-thirds was bad, let’s talk normally Let’s talk Hello Yes yes Let's Sit down and talk okay Aksu we don't give dagger to form well I'm from the city of Khmelnitsk You're from also from Kyiv So speak Let this guy with the flag sit next to us Let's talk to him too Well let's give you 18 years old I'm so painfully accepted 17 18 there is there is a viper or that whom you are studying, an auto mechanic understood the same thing what is in a car Quad disk what is also considered Well, like it was made there, it is separate, it’s not the point, it’s not just that I’m also an auto mechanic, so I’m interested, you’re a first-year student, yes, a first-year student, yes, no, we are second year Well, second, no, second should have already figured it out Yes Neo, but what do you have, what do you have? For us, the first year was just the eleventh grade, I understood. Well, well, what then in the car, did you do it for cars or trucks? Since you understand from cars or trucks what a galvanic element is in a car, what kind of galvanic element? What kind of question are you asking questions that we haven’t studied yet, all I know is about the wheel pads, then a little bit, so this pump, the pump disc, more precisely the pump pulley then the fan radiators a little bit in the engine there are valves I understood Well, the electrical part is bad Yes, fumble for now Yes, the only thing I know is how to maf sde Cool, but it’s hydrogen oxide hydrogen oxide hydrogen oxide Now I’ll tell you why it’s used in a car in brake pads Well, the hydraulic booster is correct, smart Well, the Quadro is just driven by this hydrogen hydroxide, good, but understand the mechanical part well. In terms of the engine, you are rummaging around the motor. Well, there is something, yes, they took it apart once, only once, they took it apart well. Okay, let's look Where in the engine there is a shoulder gear T three shoulder gear Well, in this, well, how to explain Well, in a box like this one in a gearbox Well, like that, yes, only Well, where exactly is it in the back Well, somewhere closer to the connection which is this id connection between the box correct Well almost almost almost almost Well which is not according What is the name of the disk which is Well what is the name of I zab what is it called when you squeeze the clutch it expands and contracts as it is shorter in the box Well no it has a name Well you have a theory Yes I’m sick right now that’s why I don’t know everything. I mean, you’ve been sick for a year already. You’re in your second year. Yes, your second year is shorter, and you haven’t taken an interest in the car for 2 years. Yes, nothing. What is a pentane car? This is clearly not your guy, a really cool auto mechanic. And you’re rummaging around. What is it? means, for example, gasoline there is ninety-five ninety-second just a pack of a mixture of enriched gasoline Which, well, how to explain So what is it mixed with with with sand not seriously with with oil Correct Because that’s the question In ninety-five gasoline 95% of which is oil or gasoline gasoline gasoline correct and how much oil is there, how much oil is there, how many five are you fumbling for mathematics Well, wait now, girls, don’t tell me, now let’s see or is she fumbling In ninety-second gasoline Girl how much is in ninety-second gasoline How much gasoline And how much oil percent 92% of gasoline 8% don’t fumble, you see, you’re learning quickly Well done, you cat so skillful but I have four ears I hear well understood super good uh the question is now yes here in Russia uh do you have left-hand traffic or right-hand traffic right-hand left-hand right-hand Why right-hand traffic are you on the cool steering wheel Which side do you have the right right side of the steering wheel do you have Which side on the left then this is left-hand traffic because the steering wheel is on the left with Why left-handed Because the steering wheel is on the left side of the steering wheel is considered to be stop and we also have a right-hand drive car then it is considered and you learn quickly Baby you are driving you are cool look you and I Would you like to teach you If you have right-hand drive cars and left-hand drive cars, then what kind of traffic do you have traffic? We have the right, right, side traffic, here are two lanes, you are driving in the right lane, not the left, everything doesn’t count according to the steering wheel, cunningly cunningly, I wanted to catch you, but the girl realized that the steering wheels there are different ones Well, then the question is, when do you have one-way traffic? Yes, is it right-hand or left-hand, one-way? Yes, but it is considered right-hand and left. Because you are driving on the left side, is it one-way in the middle? Look, if there is one-way traffic, but three lanes are left-hand or right-hand. right-hand drive is good And if you are driving on one-way traffic there are three lanes but you are driving in the left lane right-hand drive right-hand drive if you are driving in the left lane Under the very edge of the curb on one-way traffic It is left-hand drive because you are driving on the left side we will arrive yes yes then look it turns out if there are two lanes one-way in one direction, yes, the one on the right is right-handed, and the one on the left is considered left-handed. I generally get right-hand traffic. And so if you change lanes on the same side, like you press on the left-hand or right-hand side, there are traffic rules that I don’t know how you in Russia, yes here in Ukraine, he writes Yes, that the traffic is right-hand, except there is a list of points Yes, when it is considered left-hand For example, when it is one-way traffic Yes, with two or three lanes, then when you are driving in the left lane Yes, you have a faucet, you have left-hand traffic for perestroika for perestroika to uh determine uh Who has priority in perestroika a guy from Russia And what did you get that we are from Russia la you you Russian flag BN ran with it and the intelligence is evident we bought it specially to make fun of and talk about Glory to Ukraine and then like this but no, wait, glory to Russia and then to Ukraine, talk Okay, and now a question for you If a car is driving backwards like this, is it right-hand traffic? Or is it left-hand traffic, it’s rear-right, depending on which side you are on, let’s continue with questions about Okay, I understand, I’m just talking about auto mechanics, I’m talking about traffic rules according to this is a little not your specificity va e not pra not Ponya BB is there but not completely the engine and under the hood And what we didn’t disassemble we didn’t disassemble the gearbox that we haven’t disassembled the gearbox yet Ira didn’t disassemble the gearbox Ira good question is yes Why in the car Why in a car the muffler is so big Well, it works like a muffler Well, the hall is big Well, you saw a muffler once, but it has a narrowing, it’s called then a sharp expansion and then narrowing again That’s what this expansion tank is called, I forgot Now now the sound is sound insulated well Well fumbling around the shape at least sha narrowing yes Okay okay, you understand in terms of quality Well, not really seis didn’t really understand Well, like, you know what kind of oil you need to fill in while running Well, it depends on what kind of car in a Russian car What kind of oil can be poured Well, look at our carburetor we have, I would have believed myself that you have a B4 card, why is it on the carburetor and you also have carburetors? Yes, I think there are no cars with carburetors anymore, and what kind of cars do you know with carburetors, all Maka Yes, all the Lada brand in Yes, there are carburetors in Russian cars. Yes, which is better than this one? Cool. Why don’t imported cars have a carburetor because they put an injector because everyone thinks that an injector is better and easier to fix? But it’s different for everyone; the car is placed On which side now left from right from left from right from left right from left from left think think left Come to one decision standard of rifling exactly put at the end or at the beginning at the end at the end exhaust pipe on the right or left Swa or on the left on the right on the right there is a primacy on both sides so Why is it on the right And in which models and why is it placed on the left so on the right Why Because well, how can I say the engine is located like that Well why does Tesla have an exhaust pipe on the left haha ​​funny Tesla has it electric and and there is an exhaust pipe there is there is no not from the engine it is there to remove excess heat [ __ ], your laptop is heating up, is it true that you put it under it because all laptops are heating up no in Lana what And we might not have it he thinks that we are sitting on a laptop And look, Dude, you could be sitting from a laptop from a computer or from a phone. Most likely you are not from a computer because you are somehow not sitting at a table, so the laptop is heating up in the laptop, look, the laptop has a Tesla ventilation system, too, and the computer motor is also heating up it goes where through the exhaust pipe through the exhaust pipe It’s just that it doesn’t smoke combustion products like in an internal combustion engine Yes, but it removes heat, if you didn’t remove the heat, you would have driven a kilometer in a Tesla Yes, and it would have flared up in your place, well, in fact, there is a data Well, okay about that we don’t know Well, because physically, for the action of such work, yes, a huge amount of heat is released. Yes, it must be discharged where it will be discharged; it will not be discharged to you in the salon. Yes, in short, you could damn well walk like in this microwave, that’s why A that's the question: Why is the Tesla installed on the wrong side like in other cars? Why is the Tesla installed on the left right left left left right right left right next you know why Why Because you forget agreed on the right the usual exhaust pipes are on the left right your Rony go look at what kind of Tesla we have a muffler on the right or left we have on the left on the right on the left you on the right go look on our left you know that it’s a scam now look at it we just have two mufflers there And where is the car under my window you I arrived on it and now he’s coming, he’s starting, he himself agreed with you that he’s on the right and then he’s starting on the left already that he’s now on the left Well, he’s on the right there are two oh on the right they tell you the same thing, you’re like, this is how you learn if you don’t remember where this one is the muffler is everywhere on the right in my opinion Yes, except for the Tesla on the Tesla on the left and where I have it too, what model does he have Lada vest Lada vest yes, now it will be on the right in any case, he ran to look damn Now he’ll run to the Tesla, he’ll look at the neighbor’s one now look, I’m wondering what’s up with Masha Amy’s cars. It’s you who’s in my house and rodaki. Where in another apartment on my left is chamois standing seriously. I mean take a picture Bring it don’t take a picture Show it take sft no Internet google it Take a picture of your 10th star I'll look for yours with your phone, take a picture, our phone is being rented out by the Internet and the other phone is here, and mine is dead now let's find the Lada West, just pictures for you Yes, the pictures here are not pictures from the pictures, they can be all sorts of things, they can be mirrored on the Internet soda phone, take the phone from the guy Take a photo, I really want to Maybe you really have on the left this is my Internet And what percent 68 where Maxim where were they born here Sasha what am I please from go away and you have a cat there Well, I said that this is and what kind of car does he have I told you Lada Vesta Lada Vesta Are you a phowa or something, this is my flag, well, did you believe Bunny, how do you like it now, wait, it’s mirroring, well, you can see that the right wheel is on the right, oh, the left one is Leva, let’s see, you’ve confused whether it’s on the right or left, left, wait, and you have it the tank is on which side are we on the right wait the tank is on the right and the exhaust is on the left what does that mean on the left the tank you have on the right I have the tank You can see it from here take a photo of the tank so you can see the tank and this one you can see and wait well it can’t be that the tank is with on one side the exhaust on the other I say google it just Vesta wait again it can’t be that the tank and the exhaust are on different sides look Gal Gal let’s go look at his car we’re looking at his car I know and even now it’s leaking I’ll say that you’re running that car filming You just be quiet Bailey go Bailey now everyone will bark Bim be silent no Here it is my car Belly Yes he has a tank on the right show show him a tank on the right left Yes he has a tank on the right exhaust on the left well show me I don’t believe it’s not visible here so it’s not visible since there’s nothing to shine headlights Turn on Masha, my headlights are very fashionable Well, shine your car on his car and it will be visible and Bug and you came up with the idea of ​​standing in parallel now wait a minute [applause] here Vil Swa and right on the other side yes yes yes yes this could be some kind of defective model model no Zamkova No she's not a defective morph you can handle it solo here you can see here he is here he is look here you can see su he's mirroring here come here I'll go to the top come here Well how it's mirroring Yes come here I'm telling you in short here This is the left side there is no tank on the left side there is no tank, so the muffler is visible from below, yes I see the muffler, it means naturally the tank is on the right side, interesting, this is the first time I have seen something like this, so that a car has a tank on one side and an exhaust on the other. I, too, this is absolutely amazing. And you have this only this model or many of them have many many Damn cool Why do they make you in Russia a bug on one side exhaust on the other How do I know it’s illogical how much shorter to wind the pipes How do I know it’s logical Damn well my car is cooler [music] than I have a carburetor, you understand the carburetor and it has an injector. I understand well. Look at the car, I’m interested in your car industry, it’s really quite, by the way, you have seat belts and there should be airbags, how do you drive without airbags? Usually like all these Russian ones. Come here I’ll go or someone come butrider here, we didn’t have a penny for this, in my opinion, there were no seat belts at all, nothing at all for safety, what a penny or what? in Russian kopecks And I Duma you had a kopeck Duma no we had this Moskvich Moskvich In short, let's continue with the questions, let's get it, yes, uh, good question, uh, what kind of system do you know? The braking system in a car is hydraulic, mechanical, and with the help of a transmission, transfer and A in the sense methods of braking braking systems braking systems in a car about Well, like mechanical and pneumatic Repeat again gili mechanical mechanical pneumatic pneumatic there are and how many two more And air is pneumatic in fact What else are there and handbrake is considered Well, manually it’s called manual and also one more one is to pull yes now, well, what other system? And with the help of a box they said no, this is not a way in terms of it, namely how to explain it In short, don’t su wait Well, I don’t know anymore What’s the other one, just think about it, anyone who knows the level, download it for you at least level Well, hydraulic hydraulic pneumatic mechanical handbrake and I don’t know, give me another 30 seconds Poma also I don’t know now it’s an emergency Let’s get it right emergency seriously Yes, well, damn it, I think they study this in the first year of the tenth eleventh grade And I got it I got it Yes I got it I got it ok, so we figured out the braking system Okay A What is it in a car? Yes no, let me give you a tricky question, but you already see, you can go through the simple questions, I’ll ask you a tricky question now, so uh What is uh in cars, the method of braking Stone Stone the method of braking Stone what is it to brake with a gearbox gearbox And how exactly to reduce the speed No, it’s not right away, like not now, in short, if you’re driving in fifth speed, you shouldn’t drop it to fourth, but to third through the transmission. Why exactly after one jump, not after two revolutions is enough for one speed so as not slow down handsome guys yes Because if he makes a jump over more than one So the transmission can fall off yes And if you throw off one by one, brake for a very long time, throw off for a very long time And when you throw off through one Toda, that is, from fifth to first how do you go 5 understood yes Good What kind of air fresheners do you know air once again into the air supply system, he says, I tell him that there is H2O and everything is only water Yeah, the question is in what cases In what cases, uh, not that it’s recommended, but uh, it’s definitely necessary to switch from a gear above third directly to reverse, in what emergency cases, bypassing neutral This car stops immediately in the back, you don’t throw it and everything is not without stopping the car, that is, in what cases is this not only allowed, but when the car is what? What if the car is coming towards you and there is nowhere to turn, then you brake Yes and turn on the rear and in what cases Yes, from the fourth and fifth gears the driver is obliged to switch to the rear rear without stopping without neutral in case of braking. Well, you have already braked and then you have already engaged the reverse. And in what cases? Yes, from the fourth or fifth gear it goes straight to the reverse in a skid then those are even bigger Why is it not correct in a skid And why Well, if like now and the drive is read by some one of the drives and it doesn’t matter any on the rear wheel drive right away but no on the rear wheel drive it will easily steer no on the rear wheel drive you need to give less gas And on the front there is more gas So now wait, yes on the rear wheel drive you need to do this Because when you eat some kind of slide That is, if you turn on the rear, wait, off topic, front wheel drive, then it pulls [music] stronger Well, now girl you Wow, the girl is already fumbling. Well, continue with front-wheel drive, you give more gas in front-wheel drive than in reverse. You need more gas. What does gas have to do with it? Well, I’m generally telling you when skidding Why do you need to immediately switch to rear-wheel drive to brake? No, I just explained on rear-wheel drive to get back. like, because of the nose, it’s correct in case of ice, but there was no millet; the question is ice or summer. So I asked in what emergency cases only in case of ice, yes. If you go into fifth gear on ice, you skid and immediately pull into the rear. Yes, and you get a car the bar is rushing right away Well, yes, I understand. And look, uh, the question is, uh, in your cars, how many gears are there, gears are five on average? Yes, five is a question, uh, Why are there five gears in the first two three accelerations and the last two are still going Oh, yes, they’re already going to speed. Well, why not Why No, well, because there are not enough revolutions And why is there only one rear one because the rear one is not needed, as if the rear speed is no longer needed, so the question Look, quickly, no, but there is a case when you are stuck And you need to go backwards, Yes, but the rear is equally powerful. powerful question how if Previously Yes they had two reverse gears powerful and hyper powerful yes In order to get out if you are in a swamp or stuck somewhere question Few people know yes but you as mechanics should know How in modern cars in which there is only one reverse gear, turn on the rear gear boost. Well, if you have how to turn it on, or so you turn it on. Yes, and you can’t get out of the skid. Yes, out of the swamp, or because of what you need to do on the gearbox to get out of the skid, quickly accelerate the speed Well increase the speed and turn on the reverse Correctly Correct How to increase the speed and turn on the gas in neutral then you give it quickly on and quickly on it right correctly Yes, everything can be worked, you can work right now, yes, this is exactly what we were taught, too, when they taught this in vocational schools, in short there It’s not clear there were these old people sitting there who still drove tractors with you, too, so yes, we probably have one such Mikhalych understood Mikhailovich Yes, well, such a question is such a tricky one Well, we are listening Okay What will happen if the tank in which there was half of ninety-five gasoline gives ninety-two it will be mixed, deno re O de fourth Yes, the mixture is simply mixed Yes, correctly, de s to will be in the country also with kefir, this is with some kind of trick No It’s just that many people don’t know what the arithmetic mean is taken to put in these numbers yes And it’s divided by two worse question is good and uh What will happen if diesel half of diesel is mixed with half of ninety-fifth gasoline What kind of gasoline will you get hundredth not hundredth because there is already diesel what kind of diesel NEF diesel oil there is no diesel fuel Well, diesel fuel is now ninety-eight right, it’s what it’s called differently enriched deno eighth enriched Yes, if with B ninety-five they add diesel or diesel ninety-five yes it turns out enriched denovo because it has concentrated diesel Well, you know the hydrocarbons How you refuel me and ninety-five and the boy too, are you at the gas station or are you refueling from a canister but they didn’t mix it themselves, no. Take gasoline and diesel, mix it, and look, it will drive completely differently on the ninety-eighth improved one. It drives so straight. It flies, it flies, uh, I have it put together a little differently, so it’s my car, which should go at ninety the second one was taught on the ninety-fifth, she doesn’t drive on the ninety-second So I won’t risk it and do it on the ninety-eighth Well, I understand so that the car doesn’t fall apart, it’s also kind of a pity, but he might just not accept it, I understand I understand And the question is, uh what will it be? So if in ninety-five, for example, in a liter of ninety-five you throw two cubes of refined sugar Yes, what will you get then gasoline gasoline No sugar is a pure hydrocarbon, on the contrary, it will increase in height In what oh In ninety In ninety-second if you throw two cubes in ninety-second sugar sugar ninety-fifth ninety-fifth is correct deno fifth is correct it is obtained by mixing ninety-second either with oil so pure that ninety-fifth is obtained or with other hydrocarbons like sugar like sugar the fifth understood us understood And what was the question was not that Well yes, already ninety-five answered Yes, I thought you were saying something else Listen, why did Russia attack Ukraine Why do you think Russia attacked Ukraine Maybe it was Ukraine that attacked Russia No, I’m wondering why, I’ll just say why I know why I know why why why Come on More precisely, not why Why did Russia attack Ukraine Ukraine come on because the population of Russia is just like you Glory to Ukraine Glory to Ukraine write to th Telegram directly at the same time axis VN and so much more and more respectfully YouTube Zaga us through skarg ORV in your ban and even more videos I don’t show people often I don’t show information about streams for this purpose so that we can write Mali operational link right away and while there in telegra okm video tej tsikava and korisna information and I’m sorry for you trimati postiyniy operational link in the same way, show you the process YouTube Slava Ukrai Pis